Main configuration file
==============================
The main configuration file is used to define the global settings, notably the paths to the different sources of data. The parameters of the main configuration file are described in Table 2.

Table 2: Configuration parameters of the main configuration file

====================  =======  =======================================================================================
Name                  Type     Description
====================  =======  =======================================================================================
name                  STRING   Name of the data processing. This name is used in the path of the saved products in the following manner:
                               ``<saveimgbasepath>/<name>/<YYYY-MM-DD>/<datasetname>/<prodname>/<outputname>``
datapath              STRING   Base directory of the rainbow raw data. This field must have a trailing '/'. The raw data files of a scan can be found using the following file path:
                               ``<datapath>/<scanname>/<YYYY-MM-DD>/<YYYYMMDDHHMMSS00datatype>.<ext>``
configpath            STRING   Absolute base directory of the configuration files. This directory contains clutter maps, filter coefficients, antenna pattern, and the data processing configuration files. If any path within a pyrad config file is provided as a relative path, it will be converted to an absolute path, by prepending it with the path specified with "configpath".
locationConfigFile    STRING   File name (with full path) of the location configuration file. Described in Section 3.2.
productConfigFile     STRING   File name (with full path) of the product configuration file. Described in Section 4.
lastStateFile         STRING   File name (with full path) of the file containing the time of the last processed scan. Used in particular for real-time processing.
imgformat             STRING/  File format(s) of the images. The following formats are supported: eps, png, and jpg. If ``saveimg`` is set to 0, this field is not used.
                      STRARR
saveimgbasepath       STRING   Base directory for the images to save. The directory structure looks as follows:
                               ``<saveimgbasepath>/<name>/<YYYY-MM-DD>/<datasetname>/<prodname>/<outputname>``
                               If ``saveimg`` is set to 0, this field is not used.
s3EndpointRead        STRING   OPTIONAL. Url to an S3 endpoint containing input radar data. The format must be https://endpoint.domain (e.g. https://eu-central-1.linodeobjects.com/), the https:// is not mandatory.
s3BucketRead          STRING   OPTIONAL. Name of an S3 bucket containing input radar data. It has to be used together with ``s3EndpointRead`` and ``s3PathRead`` to be able to read input radar data from a bucket. The procedure will only work by setting the environment variables S3_KEY_READ and S3_SECRET_READ.
s3PathRead            STRING   OPTIONAL. Path where to find input radar data in an S3 bucket. The data will be retrieved at url https://s3BucketRead.s3EndpointRead/s3PathRead/*
rm_s3_file            INT      OPTIONAL. If set input radar data files downloaded from and S3 bucket will be removed after reading.
s3EndpointWrite       STRING   OPTIONAL. Url to an S3 endpoint where to store output data. The format must be https://endpoint.domain (e.g. https://eu-central-1.linodeobjects.com/), the https:// is not mandatory.
s3BucketWrite         STRING   OPTIONAL. Name of an S3 bucket containing input radar data. It has to be used together with ``s3EndpointWrite`` and ``s3PathWrite`` to be able to save output data to a bucket. The procedure will only work by setting the environment variables S3_KEY_WRITE and S3_SECRET_WRITE.
s3PathWrite           STRING   OPTIONAL. Path where to save output radar data in an S3 bucket. The data will be saved at url https://s3BucketRead.s3EndpointRead/s3PathRead/filename
s3SplitExtensionWrite INT      OPTIONAL. If set to 1, if files with multiple file extensions are located in the same directory, they will be separated on the s3 according to their file extension, for example myfolder/out.csv will be stored as myfolder/csv/out.csv on the S3. Default is 0 (False).
loadbasepath          STRING   OPTIONAL. Base path of saved data. By default, this field is set to ``saveimgbasepath``.
loadname              STRING   OPTIONAL. Name of the saved data processing. Used for saved volume loading. By default, this field is set to ``name``.
gecsxbasepath         STRING   OPTIONAL. Base path of saved visibility fields generated by the GECSX tool
gecsxname             STRING   OPTIONAL. Name of the dataset generated by GEXSX in which the visibility fields are contained. Used for GECSX volume loading.
dempath               STRING   OPTIONAL. Base directory of the Digital Elevation Model (DEM) files. Basically to load the radar visibility (Optional).
smnpath               STRING   OPTIONAL. Base directory of the SwissMetNet stations data. Used in the comparison between radar data and rain gauges (Optional).
disdropath            STRING   OPTIONAL. Base directory of the disdrometer data. Used in the comparison between radar data and disdrometers (Optional).
solarfluxpath         STRING   OPTIONAL. Base directory of the solar flux data. Used to plot the calibration bias based on sun monitoring (Optional).
iconpath              STRING   OPTIONAL. Base directory of the ICON (NWP model) data files.
====================  =======  =======================================================================================
